The solution to the problem is to find the best location for the plant and the best port of choice from that location so that the total transportation cost of raw materials is minimum. The approach for solving this is as below.

I.	Calculate the distance of a location from every other location. Using a charge function find out the cost to transfer materials from all locations to thi particular location.
II.	Calculate the distance of all the 3 ports from that location and using the same charge function find out the cost to transfer total production of all places from that location to the 3 ports.
III.    From the 3 costs obtained in the previous step select the minimum.
IV.	Now sum up the value obtained in step I and the corresponding minimum value in the above step.
V.	The above sum has to be optimised for all the 10 locations, and corresponding to the minimum value we will have our best choice of location for the plant and the associated most econimic port will be the best choice for the port. 

I have used python packages math, pandas and sqllite3 for coding. The tables from the database are stored in pandas dataframe for accessing them easily.  There is a generic function named 'distance' which calculates the distance between 2 locations given their latitude and longitude.  There is also a function named 'charge' which calculates the cost to transfer raw materials when the distance, the amount of materials to be transferred and a multiplication factor (0.001) are given. Using these two functions in for loop we calculate the distance and hence the charge for transferring raw materials produced at all locations to every a particular location (total_charge_location). Upon every iteration of the loop we keep on adding the charge calculated to the previous value. So for a single location we get a value which is the sum of the costs needed to transfer the raw materials from all places to this location. We use another for loop and same method to calculate the distance and charge of transferring all the raw materials from each location to all the 3 port and store the minimum amongst them in a variable (total_charge_port_min). The index of the best port is appended to an empty list for all the locations (optimum_port_list). Then we add the corresponding   total_charge_location and total_charge_port_min  for all the locations and store it in a list (total_economic_cost). The minimum value in this list gives us the best choice of location, which can be identified by finding the index of this minimum value. From the above steps we also have the list of the best port for a location. So we can find the corresponding best choice of port for the best location.
